I'll be back at marks electrical studio
and today we're reviewing the Samsung UE
48 Ju 7000 t 3d 4k ultra high-definition
LED TV this is one of Samsung's new
range of flat 4k TVs for 2015 and it's
packed with new features and enhanced
technology to bring an even better
picture and user interface than last
year's excellent models design wise it's
a classy look in metallic silver gray
brushed metal it's got an angle bezel
and a quality stand that gives an image
that the CV is floating on air and
there's a one connection mini box to
help minimize wire clutter the 48 inch
screen has eight million pixels that
give you four times the resolution of
High Definition and standard High
Definition and blu-ray a magically
upscale to take advantage of this
amazing 4k screen new picture
enhancements give brighter images and
darker blacks smooth emotion and there's
a contrast enhancer that gives extra
depth to the picture the active 3d is
better to a quad-core processor is
running behind the scenes and the new
Super Hub user interface using Tizen
which is installed in Samsung's mobile
devices so easy connections is simpler
faster and easier to use especially with
the new and improved Smart Hub remote
let's have a look okay let's look at the
source menu first this is where you'll
find all the things connected to your TV
either remotely or directly there are
four HDMI connections composite
components showing up there these are
the USBs a screen mirroring filled
devices very handy to have we'll look at
the 1 2 3 menu next or top menu whatever
you want to call it
there's
voice recognition there we can command
the TV to do what you want it to do
using your voice lots of options along
the top now you can even turn it off on
the end lots and lots of choice a you
can even go on the numerical keypad to
pick out your favorite channel number
and go directly to it next we'll have a
look at the Smart Hub which we've just
left this in its basic form we haven't
tailored it at all but there's a web
browser there USB connections you can
tailor this to suit your own needs have
all your favorite stuff this is the
featured menu where you can find games
and your favorite channels to watch and
iPlayer and whatever this is the apps
screen most popular is the subcategory
but you get lots of choices there
YouTube the BBC iPlayer we've clicked on
it's not downloaded yet but it's just to
show you how easy and what a friendly
user interface this smart habit has now
become as improved we believe from the
last one no end okay let's have a look
at the dimensions and the connectivity
there's an understand heights from 684
millimeters as a width of a thousand 888
millimeters and the stand depth is two
hundred and seventy eight millimeters
now this TV can be wall mounted and the
off stand high is 630 millimetres the
width again is 1088 millimeters and the
depth is 68 millimeters connectivity
includes four HDMI twos
there's two satellite connections
components composite there's two USB
twos and one USB three has built-in
Wi-Fi LAN common interface digital audio
and headphone strokes speaker out
summing up this is the new generation of
Samsung's already excellent TVs that
have raised the 4k bar even higher if
spec includes a twin tuner Freeview HD
Freesat HD it's got voice control
it's got quick connects for your devices
and there's many more features all over
five year parts and labor guarantee and
you could have one in your home tomorrow
free delivery or the two hour time slot
from Mark's electrical and that's
evenings and weekends included